Add table json_key_value and yml_key_value. Closes #11 (#12)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-config: docs/tables/yml_key_value.md

| items.0.description  | Water Bucket (Filled)       | !!str      | []                          | 10         |
| city                 | East Centerville            | !!str      | []                          | 22         |
| items.1.quantity     | 1                           | !!int      | []                          | 17         |
| state                | KS                          | !!str      | []                          | 23         |
| bill_to              | <null>                      | !!null     | []                          | 18         |
| street               | 123 Tornado Alley           | !!str      | []                          | 19         |
|                      | Suite 16                    |            |                             |            |
+----------------------+-----------------------------+------------+-----------------------------+------------+
```

or, you can query configurations of a particular file using:

```sql
select
  key_path,
  value,
  tag as value_type,
  pre_comments,
  start_line
from
  yml_key_value
where
  path = '/Users/myuser/yml/invoice.yml';
```

> ## Examples

Reviewer: Can you please add 2 examples, one showing `key_path` with `=` and another with `>` or `<` (or the equals versions)?

> This table uses column `key_path` of type [ltree](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.1/ltree.html), contains a sequence of zero or more labels separated by dots representing a path from the root of a hierarchical tree to a particular node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table uses column `key_path` of type [ltree](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ltree.html), contains a sequence of zero or more labels separated by dots representing a path from the root of a hierarchical tree to a particular node.
```

> The [ltree](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.1/ltree.html) is a Postgres extension for representing and querying data stored in a hierarchical tree-like structure, which enables powerful search functionality that can be used to model, query and validate hierarchical and arbitrarily nested data structures.

Reviewer: Possibly remove this?

### Searching key paths

For example, from the sample YML file above, you can query all `part_no` subkeys using the `~` operator to match an lquery,

```sql
select

>   value as part_no

Reviewer: Please add `key_path` in select statement

from
  json_key_value
where
  path = '/Users/myuser/yml/invoice.yml'
  and key_path ~ 'items.*.part_no';
```

```sh
+---------+
| part_no |
+---------+
| E1628   |
| A4786   |
+---------+
```

> ## List descendants of a specific node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List descendants of a specific node
```

# Table: yml_key_value

Query key-value pair data along with comments and line number from YML files found in the configured `paths`.

For instance, if `paths` is set to `/Users/myuser/yml/*`, and that directory contains:

- sample.yml
- invoice.yml

> This table will retrieve all key-value pairs from each file mentioned above, along with comments and the line number, which you can then query directly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table will retrieve all key-value pairs from each file mentioned above, along with comments and line numbers, which you can then query directly:
```

```sql
select
  key_path,
  value,
  tag as value_type,
  pre_comments,
  start_line
from
  yml_key_value;
```

```sh
+----------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------+-----------------------------+------------+
| key_path             | value                                                                                             | value_type | pre_comments                | start_line |
+----------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------+-----------------------------+------------+
| items.1.size         | 8                                                                                                 | integer    | []                          | 15         |

> | specialDelivery      | Follow the Yellow Brick Road to the Emerald City. Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain. | string     | []                          | 25         |

Reviewer: This line ends up stretching our Hub page, can you please remove the `specialDelivery` key here, in other examples below, and in the `json_key_value` doc (for consistency)?

+----------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------+-----------------------------+------------+
```

or, you can query configurations of a particular file using:

```sql
select
  key_path,
  value,
  tag as value_type,
  pre_comments,
  start_line
from
  yml_key_value
where
  path = '/Users/myuser/yml/invoice.yml';
```

## Examples

### Query a simple file

Given the file `invoice.yml` with following configuration:

```yml
---
receipt: Oz-Ware Purchase Invoice
date: 2012-08-06
customer:
    first_name:  Dorothy
    family_name: Gale
# List of ordered items
items:
  - part_no: A4786 # item 1
    description: Water Bucket (Filled)
    price: 1.47
    quantity: 4
  - part_no: E1628 # item 2
    description: High Heeled "Ruby" Slippers
    size: 8
    price: 133.7
    quantity: 1
bill-to: &id001
street: |
  123 Tornado Alley
  Suite 16
city: East Centerville
state: KS
ship-to: *id001
specialDelivery: >
  Follow the Yellow Brick
  Road to the Emerald City.
  Pay no attention to the
  man behind the curtain.
```

> and the query is:

Reviewer: Since we have a section dedicated to ltree searching, my suggestion would be to not use any ltree functions until that section, instead keep these examples simpler

  select
  max(case when data = 'part_no' then value else null end) as part_no,
  max(case when data = 'description' then value else null end) as item_name,
  max(case when data = 'size' then value else null end) as size,
  max(case when data = 'quantity' then value else null end) as quantity,
  max(case when data = 'price' then value else null end) as price
from
  items
group by
  item
)
select * from pivot_tables where part_no = 'E1628';
```

### Casting column data for analysis

Text columns can be easily cast to other types:

```sql
with items as (
  select
    subpath(key_path, 0, 2) as item,
    subpath(key_path, 2, 3) as data,
    value
  from
    yml_key_value
  where
    path = '/Users/myuser/yml/invoice.yml'
    and key_path ~ 'items.*'
)
select
  max(case when data = 'part_no' then value else null end) as part_no,
  max(case when data = 'description' then value else null end) as item_name,
  (max(case when data = 'size' then value else null end))::integer as size,
  (max(case when data = 'quantity' then value else null end))::integer as quantity,
  (max(case when data = 'price' then value else null end))::float as price
from
  items
group by
  item;
```

> ### Searching key paths

Reviewer: As suggested above, I'd move the example(s) using `subpath` down to this section and explain a bit more about it

The `Ltree` implements a materialized path, which is pretty quick for `SELECT` operations. This table uses `key_path` column of type `ltree` to represent the path in a hierarchical tree-like structure.

> For example, from above mentioned sample JSON file,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, from the sample YML file above,
```

you can easily query all the `part_no` using path match,

```sql
select
  value as part_no
from
  json_key_value
where
  path = '/Users/myuser/yml/invoice.yml'
  and key_path ~ 'items.*.part_no';
```

```sh
+---------+
| part_no |
+---------+
| E1628   |
| A4786   |
+---------+
```

> or, you can fetch all details provided inside `customer` node,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or, you can fetch all details provided inside the `customer` node,
```
